---
layout: post
title:      "Cracking the Creative Code"
date:       2020-06-07 07:13:39 +0000
permalink:  cracking_the_creative_code
---

Growing up was a whirlwind for me. My Dad was in the military so from the time of my birth to my graduation from high school, we were ripping and running from one part of the country to another. Somewhere along the way, I developed a passion for music and artistic expression. I taught myself to play guitar and made it into Louisiana State University's School of Music for college. I started my college career as a classical guitar major, but I realized that what really excited me about music was the *creation* of something. At some point, I discovered that LSU also offered an Experimental Music and Digital Media Programmiung for Arts and Engineering program. I promptly switched to that major, and I began my journey to synthesizing the boundlessness of sound waves with the structure of logic to create not only art, but real world solutions using computers 😆. Or at least that's the way I understand it now. At the time, it was agonizingly late nights, deadlines, and performance anxiety. 😵
Fast-forward to present day. I've been able to internalize the knowledge that I've gained in school. I've produced three of my own records. I'm super proud of this because I remember when I barely knew how to play the guitar.  Here I am now playing all of the instruments on my records. However, I look back fondly on the glitchy musical compositions and the creatives codes from my work during college. I think of my final project in a class using javascript where I wowed my professor with an art installation I coded. I also proudly think of the independent projects that I coded after graduating because I just love writing code! I'd like to bring more music to the coding world. We can call it mutually benefical 🤑 Hopefully, by the end of my tenure at Flatiron School, I'll be building software like I produce records! 🤟🏾
